Hibernate-cascade: Updated description (#52)
mate-academy/hibernate-cascade: README.md

Add correct cascades. When you are creating a new user you should use also create comments (e.g. save each new comment in the DB)

1. There are two classes: Message and MessageDetails. One message can have many message details.
Implement the `remove(Message message)` method. MessageDetails also should created and removed along with parent 
Message entity.

1. Implement all DAO interfaces (except GenericDao)

> Checklist: 

Reviewer: а чому ми чеклист додаємо сюди?

Author: fixed

> * For entity saving use persist() method;

Reviewer 2: Треба сказати чому. Можливо дати посилання на статтю або доку

* In all of your dao classes you have `sessionFactory` object(which is passed via constructor). 

> You should use it so the tests can past, but you can use HibernateUtil.getSessionFactory() 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should use it so the tests can past. Use HibernateUtil.getSessionFactory() ONLY if you want to run your solution in the main method
```
